# 3. [TREES] Binary Search Tree (10pts.)
## Introduction
A **Binary Search Tree (BST) is a special type of binary tree where each node's left child contains values less than the node, and the right child contains values greater than the node**. This structure allows for fast searching, inserting, and traversing of data.

## What you will do
Complete the code provided. This program simulates a Binary Search Tree (BST) in C++. **Users can insert values, view the tree in sorted order using in-order traversal, and search for specific values. Duplicate entries are not allowed.**

Here are some key factors in the program:

- **Node.** This structure lets the BST organize and access data efficiently. Each node in the BST stores an integer data (the value), a pointer to the left child (values less than the node)., and a pointer to the right child (values greater than the node).
- ```createNode``` is a function that allocates memory for a new node, sets the data to the value being inserted, initializes both left and right child pointers to ```null``` (since it's not yet connected to the tree), and returns the new node so it can be attached to the tree.
- ```insert``` is a function places new values into the correct position in the tree:
    - If the current spot is empty (```null```), it creates a new node.
    - If the value is less than the current node’s data, it tries to insert it into the left subtree.
    - If the value is greater, it tries the right subtree.
    - If the value already exists, it displays a message and doesn’t insert it (duplicates are ignored).
- ```inorder``` is a function that visits nodes in this order: left → root → right. This traversal prints the tree in sorted order.
- ```search``` is a function looks for a specific value:
    - It compares the key with the current node.
    - If equal, the value is found.
    - If less, it continues to the left.
    - If greater, it goes to the right.
    - If it reaches null, the value doesn’t exist in the tree.

### Sample Output 1
```
Enter number of values to insert: 7
Enter value #1: 34
Enter value #2: 72
Enter value #3: 31
Enter value #4: 90
Enter value #5: 55
Enter value #6: 88
Enter value #7: 55
Duplicate value (55) not inserted.

In-order Traversal: 31 34 55 72 88 90

Search for: 88
88 is found in the BST.
```

### Sample Output 2
```
Enter number of values to insert: 5
Enter value #1: 91
Enter value #2: 189
Enter value #3: 87
Enter value #4: 60
Enter value #5: 45

In-order Traversal: 45 60 87 91 189

Search for: 189
189 is found in the BST.
```